The Qiao family is now in trouble
Not a mistake
But the Qiao family encountered difficulties
Why should you help him?
Back then, the Lu family and the Qiao family got married
This is a state of mutual benefit and win-win.
Although I have no feelings for him
But he didn't do anything wrong.
I will not cross the river and demolish the bridge.
Divorce is when the Qiao family gets through the crisis
What's up?
Live fish
Look at him.
Squeezed me
I've been very careful
Sorry for being too fat.
Forget it, go home
Switch that cart next time
idiom
When will you accept me?
You said you would marry me
I haven't divorced him yet.
Accepting now is bad for your reputation.
It turned out that it was just to prevent Jiang Yurou from being infamed
I thought it had been so many years
He also has a little affection for me
Is it true that fat people don't deserve to be loved?
But I've been waiting for you for years
I know I haven't had your singing with me all these years
I may not be able to live long ago
We wait for the Qiao family to get through the crisis this time
I will officially file for divorce from him
Then last year it was fair and square
Sung Woo, I will tonight
Can I spend the night here?
No, that's the bottom line.
I don't want you to be a third party.
Never let Cheng Woo know
The woman who accompanied him through the slump was not me